Code refactor (#3)
belfortep/merkle-tree: README.md

# merkle-tree
Implementation of a Merkle Tree data structure in Rust

## Primitives

> - Can be built from a list of elements that implements `AsRef<[u8]>` and `Clone`
> - Can generate a proof and validate that an element is in the tree with that proof
> - Can add new elementss to the tree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Can be built from a list of elements that implement `AsRef<[u8]>` and `Clone`
- Can generate a proof and validate that an element is in the tree with that proof
- Can add new elements to the tree
```
